-*- mode:text; mode:auto-fill; indent-tabs-mode:nil; -*-

When I wake up, vestiges of last night's talk with Jyoji linger in my
memory.  Jyoji isn't known for being talkative, and you usually have
to bombard him with questions just to get a word out of him.  For him
to say so much, much of it deeply personal, leads me to wonder if he's
been taking any strange pills lately.

But now I know.  Jyoji and Aka are deeply in love.  The two of them
share a level of devotion and trust that you seldom see in high school
students.  They're completely lost in their own world, a world where
the very notion of infidelity is as foreign as four armed purple
monkeys.  It makes me want to support them all the more.

I get out of bed and get ready for school.

                                -----

My mother is still asleep and I don't want to wake her up, so I
scrounge together leftovers and eat a minimal meal.  Some rice, some
pickles, some soup.  I clean up and leave quietly

                                -----

On my way to school, I see someone unusual.

"Yo," Naomi calls out to me.

"What are you doing up this early?" I ask.  Usually I don't see her
until a few minutes after I get to class.

"Got a makeup test to take," she explains.  She's swinging her bag
around playfully.  We stop at a busy intersection.

"What are you doing this weekend?" Naomi asks.

"Oh you know, the usual.  Jigsaw puzzles.  Madlibs.  Maybe read some
Proust."

"Come with me.  I know this guy from college who's throwing a party."

"Since when did you have college friends?"

"We're not friends exactly...we've just met each other at other
parties."

"Hmm."

I'm a bit suspicious.

"Why are you inviting me, of all people?" I ask.

"Mayu and Aka are with their boyfriends.  And when I asked Ruri, she
said her parents needed her for something.  So that leaves you."

The truth comes out.

"In other words, I'm your last resort."

"Don't feel so bad.  I could've asked Makimura before you."

I sigh.  But an invitation is an invitation.

"Sure, I'll go."

The light turns green and we cross the street.  Naomi takes out her
cell and points it at me.

"Let's swap numbers.  I'll give you the details later."

                                -----

Naomi calls me a few minutes before seven and we agree to meet up at
the train station.

When I arrive the platform is empty aside from a young woman sitting
by herself.  I walk past her.  I must be early.

Suddenly I hear a voice behind me.

"Where are you going?"

I turn around.  The woman is staring at me.

"Huh?"

"Sit down," she says.

"Uh...okay."

I'm not about to turn down an opportunity to sit next to a pretty
lady.

I sit down next to her and do my best not to stare.  I steal a feel
reluctant glances.  I don't want to look lecherous, but I'm not about
to totally ignore--

"Naomi?"

"Yes?  Who'd you think I was?"

I can barely recognize the girl sitting next to me.  Her hair is done
up in a coil and she's put on some exotic looking blue mascara.  Her
lips are painted with dark red rouge and she's wearing a blouse that's
one size too small and a black miniskirt.  She looks at least six
years older from when I last remember seeing her.

"Wow," is all I can say.

"I wish you would've dressed up a little," she says with a
disappointed look.

I look down at my own clothes.  I'm wearing a t-shirt and some blue
jeans.  Not exactly high class.

The platform begins flashing as the train arrives.  We board the empty
train and take our seats next to each other.

"So what exactly is my role for this party?" I ask.

"We're just classmates."

"Okay."



                                -----

"Wait.  Don't tell me.  The two of you were walking outside when it
suddenly began to rain.  You ran inside but it was too late and your
clothes got wet.  You didn't want her to catch a cold so you took her
clothes off.  And to keep her body warm, you decided to lie down next
to her, with absolutely no ulterior motives, no plans of 