-*- mode:text; mode:auto-fill; indent-tabs-mode:nil; -*-

BOOK ONE - THE MAGICIAN

DAY ONE - THURSDAY

Horibe Hyobe is a new transfer student at Uoki Gakuen.  After a brief
encounter with the former captain, he becomes the new captain of the
school's magic club.  Together with his assistant Ashimoto Aka, they
put on a magic show every week to sold out crowds.  Despite the
regularity of his shows, he never fails to impress.

The magic club has historically had only two members: a captain and an
assistant.  This is unusual because the school mandates that all clubs
have at least five members to be officially recognized.  The precise
reason why the magic club is exempt from this rule is one of the
school's many legends.

While Aka and Hyobe are friendly with each other, they have yet to
become more than acquaintances.  Hyobe, upon learning that Aka has a
boyfriend, decides to remain strictly professional with Aka.  But one
day Aka asks Hyobe to help her set up a surprise birthday party for
her boyfriend Jyoji, and Hyobe agrees.

Hyobe helps Aka cook the meals and set up the party decorations.  At
the party, Hyobe meets Jyoji's older sister Rena.  The two sit outside
and shoot the breeze, and mainly discuss Jyoji's relationship with
Aka.  He also shows her his signature trick that he used to impress
the former captain: he steals her bra.

DAY TWO - FRIDAY

Hyobe arrives late to school and gets scolded by his teacher.  In
order to make up for this tardiness, he volunteers to help Aka with
clean up duties.

After school, Hyobe walks Aka home.  Aka gives Hyobe a whirlwind tour
of the village, visiting all the major locales including Fuyuno Park,
Ishieda Shrine, Ishikura Manor, and Hario Hill.  Aka mentions that her
parents are away.  When they arrive at her home, Aka invites Hyobe in
but he makes up an excuse.  Aka invites Hyobe to join her, Jyoji,
Rena, and Naomi for a stay at a mountain resort.  Hyobe reluctantly
agrees.

That night, Hyobe dreams of Aka.

DAY THREE - SATURDAY

Hyobe attends school.

Hyobe, Aka, Rena, Jyoji, and Naomi arrive at the inn late in the
afternoon.  Jyoji and Aka run off together.

Naomi and Hyobe go for a dip in the (joint) hot springs.  To Hyobe's
disappointment, Naomi is wearing a swimsuit.  Hyobe questions Naomi's
national pride.  

Afterwards they go for a walk in the neighboring woods.  They come
across a trail leading into a cave.  Inside, they spot Jyoji and Aka
having sex.  Naomi and Hyobe watch for a few rapt minutes, then break
away.  Naomi confesses to Hyobe that she has always liked Jyoji, and
worries if the only reason she befriended Aka was to get closer to
him.

Hyobe and Naomi return to the inn.  Rena has already started drinking
a bottle of cheap sake.

Aka and Jyoji return.  Naomi tries to avoid eye contact, and Hyobe
does his best to act normal.  They eat dinner, then play card games.
Hyobe shows off a few simple tricks.

A musician staying at the inn plays a few songs and everyone listens.

DAY FOUR - SUNDAY - PART I

After another dip in the hot springs, Hyobe takes a break.  He sees a
young boy hitting on women thrice his age (and getting rejected).
Impressed by his bravery, Hyobe asks him how he does it and the boy
teaches Hyobe some seduction tips.  The two of them try their luck
hitting on random girls but continually get rejected.  Hyobe
unwittingly ends up hitting on Naomi.  As an apology, he agrees to buy
her lunch.  Hyobe spies the boy making out with a woman and he laments
his ill luck.

In the evening, everyone eats dinner together.  Hyobe meets some of
the other guests staying at the inn.  Kanei and his girlfriend Ginga.
Matou and his two daughters Sei and Mei.  An old man named Kurogane.

After dinner, Aka and Jyoji excuse themselves.  Rena's interest is
piqued and she tries to follow them, but Hyobe stops her.  Naomi lets
loose that Aka and Jyoji have already had sex, and this convinces Rena
that she absolutely has to follow them.  Naomi and Hyobe reluctantly
join her.

The three of them follow Aka and Jyoji, back to the same cave where
they had previously.  Rena, Hyobe and Naomi return to the inn.

Aka and Jyoji return a short while later.  Jyoji leaves to take a
shower.  To Hyobe's horror, Rena jokingly confronts Aka about her
having sex with Jyoji outdoors.  Aka becomes embarrassed, apologizes,
and runs out.  Hyobe admonishes Rena and chases after Aka.  Hyobe
bumps into a woman he doesn't recognize on the way out.

Hyobe comforts Aka and convinces her to come back with him to the inn.

Jyoji, Rena, and Naomi are found brutally murdered in their rooms.

DAY FOUR - SUNDAY - PART II

Aka goes into shock.  Hyobe calls the police.  While he waits for them
to arrive he questions the inn staff.  He learns that no one saw the
woman he had bumped into.

Hyobe learns from Aka that her parents are away on a business trip and
won't be back until the end of the weekend.  Hyobe asks his mother and
she agrees to board Aka until her parents return.  Aka's parents give
their consent over the phone.

While they wait, Hyobe continues to explore the inn.  He learns from
staff that the inn belongs to Ishikura Daigo, the village committee
chairman and father of classmate Ishikura Saku.  Saku's birth mother
was the sister of Aka's mother.

Hyobe follows the trail back to the cave and decides to go a little
further.  He comes across a well with splintered boards scattered
everywhere.  He decides to return to the inn before it gets too dark.

Hyobe's mother picks them up and they return home.

Hyobe agrees to sleep in the living room while Aka sleeps in his bed.

Late at night, Hyobe wakes up to find Aka embracing him.  He lets her
kiss him, but then he pushes her away.  He heats up some milk for her
and watches her drink it and fall asleep, weeping and whispering
Jyoji's name.  Hyobe watches over her all night.

DAY FIVE - MONDAY

Hyobe and Aka decide to skip school.

They go for a walk around the village.  Hyobe retraces the steps Aka
once showed him, but he fails to improve Aka's condition.

They visit Jyoji's house and meet with his parents.

They return to Aka's house, where she's reunited with her parents.
But Aka remains distant and retreats to her room.  Hyobe follows her.

Hyobe tells Aka to cry, saying that it's not a sign of weakness.  Aka
finally breaks down and cries nonstop.  When she becomes exhausted, he
puts her to bed and quietly leaves her house.

Upon returning to his home, his mother tells him a girl has called for
him at least six times during the day.  He calls the number and is
surprised to learn it's Saku.  She tells him she knows what happened,
and wants to meet with him.

----

It only takes a few words before I recognize the proud voice speaking
on the other end.

"Why didn't you come to school today," Ishikura says.

"I was busy."

"We need to talk."

"About what?"

"About the murder."

"..."

I don't know how to respond.

"Bring Ashimoto if you can," she says.

"Do you know who killed Jyoji?"

"Yes."

"How?"

She doesn't answer immediately.  It's the first time I've heard her
hesitate for so long.

"Because this has happened before," she finally says.  "And if we
don't stop this woman soon, very bad things will happen."

DAY SIX - TUESDAY

After school, Hyobe meets with Saku at a cafe.  She explains
everything about the Monster, a creature that appears every 245 years
in Uoki.  The Monster goes around eating people, growing stronger and
stronger.  Legend has it that once the Monster has eaten one hundred
people, it will become immortal.

Saku recruits Hyobe to help her stop the Monster.  In order to avenge
the deaths of Jyoji, Rena and Naomi, he agrees.

Saku admits that her family has forgotten almost everything about the
Monster, including how to kill it.  They try questioning Saku's older
sister Kozu, but she rebuffs them.  Saku leaves for home in anger.
After some drinking, Kozu reveals some basic details to Hyobe about
the octagram, a ritual that transfers power from the victim to the
ritualist.

Hyobe returns home and thinks about all the revelations he learned.

DAY SEVEN - WEDNESDAY


Daigo actually adopted the Ishikura name from Kaori.  Kaori's father
was the grandson of the original founders of Uoki.  Hyobe first
suspects this when he learns about Daigo's estranged brother Kazuki,
whose family name is Uehara.  Kozu confirms Hyobe's suspicions.

Saku's birth mother Kaori had three daughters: Rion, Kozu, and Saku.
Kaori was convinced of a family legacy, in which every other
generation had to sacrifice all their daughters in order to appease
the Monster.  But Daigo refused to believe Kaori and killed her to
save his remaining daughters.

Daigo went on to marry Shiori, and by her they had a fourth daughter,
Eiko.

Kozu is murdered.

Daigo is hospitalized for lung cancer.

Hyobe promises Daigo that he will protect Saku.  Daigo entrusts Hyobe
with his rifle.

A woman approaches Hyobe, claiming she got lost.  Hyobe shoots her
anyway, not believing her story, and remembering Kozu's warning that
the Monster might not be what he thinks it is.  The woman reveals
herself to be the Monster and attacks Hyobe.