                              ARBORGODS

This is the general name given to various giant creatures that inhabit
Worrywood.  They are easily the size of whales and seem to possess
immense powers of sorcery.  They typically use illusionary spells to
hide themselves, but every now and then they will appear to destroy
any foreign creature that enters Worrywood.  Because they are so
powerful, very little is known about them.  Some theorize that they
are the strongest of all the creatures summoned during the Age of
Tyrants.  It is believed they were summoned by Hadrus.

                                CHUDRA

The chudra were one of Hadrus's many vile creations.  They have
horse-like bodies (although instead of skin they possess a thick
exoskeleton) with long necks and small heads.  The chudra were
designed to loathe humans, and they will frequently use a gruesome
spell that shreds flesh.  Although they don't possess any other
magical abilities, they are notoriously difficult to slay because of
their thick armor.

                                DOUGA

Dog men.

                                GOLEMS

Originally conjured by Atax to personally serve and protect him.  They
are humanoid in form, but appear to be made of hundreds of metal
shards.  They possess limited intelligence, only enough to follow
orders, but Atax imbued them with superhuman strength and speed.

                               SERAPHS

                               SERPENTS

Dragons were rumored to have existed during the Age of Divinity, but
were wiped out after the First Death. Graeg decided to base his first
creation on these legends. Graeg's dragons are as large as a house,
possess an enchanted scaly skin that wards off most physical attacks,
and are capable of spitting a viscous fluid that easily ignites on
fire. Entire armies had trouble slaying one, let alone an army of two
hundred.

Graeg continues to maintain his army of dragons, but other tyrant
kings have conjured their own versions. Free dragons are a common
sight in the northern reaches of Tyrn.

                                TROLLS

The first trolls were conjured by Triton, who was horrified that he
could create something so disgusting. They are vaguely humanoid but
are usually badly disfigured, with transparent skin and grotesque red
eyes. True to Triton's desires however they were incredibly
aggressive. Triton immediately banished the first trolls but only
killed a small percentage of them. The rest escaped into the
surrounding woods. Even after Triton's death the troll population has
steadily grown by preying upon human villages.
