-*- mode:text; mode:auto-fill; indent-tabs-mode:nil; -*-

DOMINATE

The Dominate refers to the period of Ursan history stretching from the
beginning of the first century and ending in the fourth century.  This
was a period of immense conflict and hardship.  Rogue sorcerers fought
each other and against the Imperator, causing immense destruction.
Most of the Imperators led large military campaigns in an effort to
unite the world under one common empire.

                                -----

IMPERATOR

The Imperator was the title Adamas devised to describe the chief
executive of the Ursan empire.  Along with the Consulator and the
Arbitrator, the three formed the core of the Ursan government.  In
reality, the Imperator held most of the power.  The Imperator
controlled the Ursan army, controlled the budget, established and
enforced laws, and managed foreign affairs.  The Imperator title
lasted throughout the Dominate period of the Ursan empire, ending with
Trafagus, who officially abolished the title and replaced it with the
Princeps.  Starting with Adamas, the list of Ursan Imperators is:
Adamas, Sideus, Porticus, Manar, Atreus, Laurensus, and Trafagus.

                                -----

PRINCIPATE

The Principate is a period of Ursan history lasting from the beginning
of the fourth century and ending in the sixth century.  This was a
period of relative prosperity and immense political reform.  

                                -----

PRINCEPS

The Princeps, or First Citizen, was the title devised by Trafagus to
replace the Imperator.  The Princeps's power was severely limited; he
only had the power to petition the Consulate (now comprised of thirty
consulators).  The Princeps was more of a figurehead role, embodying
all of the great virtues that Trafagus admired.

                                -----

TYRANNATE

The Tyrannate refers to the period of Ursan history between the tenth
century and the sixteenth century.  

