-*- mode:text; mode:auto-fill; indent-tabs-mode:nil; -*-

THE CREATION

In the beginning, there was only Nihilum.  Nihilum uttered the words,
"I am," and Nihilum became Ego.  Where before there was nothing,
now there was something.  There was identity.  And with identity came
all the things necessary for identity: space, time, causality,
substance, other.  All these things formed the totality of existence.

Ego created eight worlds: Primus, Secundus, Tertius, Quartus, Quintus,
Sextus, Septimus, and Octavus.  Ego filled the eight worlds with
mountains, rivers, deserts, seas, and vast continents.  Ego created
day and night, the sky and the stars, the sun and the moon.

But Ego was not content.  Ego sought companions.  So Ego created life.

Ego imbued the dust with the first force, animus, the will to life.
From the dust life sprung forth, fully formed and conceived.  Towering
trees and beasts of every size, shape, and color flourished.

But Ego was not satisfied.

Ego continued to create.  To man, the most ambitious of Ego's
creations, Ego granted the gifts of knowledge and wisdom.  Man could
build tools, could learn, could write, could teach, could build farms,
cities, and empires.

The first men built temples to honor and worship Ego, and at first Ego
was pleased.  Elaborate rituals were devised and the choicest harvests
were offered up in sacrifice.

But soon, the familiar feeling of loneliness returned.  Ego sought not
worshippers, but fellow creators.

Ego sought to make man more like Ego, more like a god.  Ego granted
man the seven forces of nature: the power to perceive, the power to
know, the power to change, the power to destroy, and the power to
create.  gift of natura, the fundamental substance that made up the
universe.  The Primi were the first to use this power to ascend to
godhood, followed soon by the Secundi, the Tertii, and the Quarti.

Finally, Ego thought, I will have companions.

But the gods bored Ego.  Most of them remained reverent; they
continued their ceremonies and their sacrifices.  A few gods rebelled,
but they were too consumed with destruction to ever use their powers
for creation.  Ego could not even muster the strength to be angry.
Instead, Ego decided that there was no point in continuing.

Ego left the universe.

With no one to watch over them, the Tertii and the Quarti terrorized
the outer worlds, subjugating them to harsh and cruel rule.  When the
Secundi rebuked them, a terrible war ensued.  Millions perished as the
gods waged their war across all eight worlds.

The Primi, fearing the destruction of the universe, erected the Murrus
Caeles.  The wall served as a barrier between the outer and inner
worlds.  Passage through the wall was strictly forbidden.

To ensure that the wall would never be breached, the Primi created the
Pactum.  The Pactum promised the outer worlds that the gods would
never interfere in their affairs, provided that three simple
conditions were met: never cross the wall, never ascend to godhood,
and never cross between the worlds.  The three laws were engraved on
four tablets and the tablets were given to the four wisest men in the
outer worlds.


AGE OF GODS
AGE OF HEROES
AGE OF TYRANTS
