-*- mode:text; mode:auto-fill; indent-tabs-mode:nil; -*-

                                 TONE
                                 ----

Tone (also known as will to live, will of the world, and kouki) is the
fundamental force that drives existence.  All living creatures exist,
and continue to exist, because of tone.  Tone could be described as
the totality of blind striving.

There are eight kinds of tone: up, down, near, far, light, dark,
outer, and inner.  Despite the names, the different tones don't have
any specific attributes.  Dark tone isn't any more useful for
destructive magic than light tone.  But the different tones exist in
varying amounts depending on location, so a skilled sorcerer should be
able to manipulate all eight.

The eight worlds, which are otherwise completely separate, are linked
together by tone.  It is believed that tone flows like a river, from
the higher worlds (Octavus and Septimus) to the lower worlds.  Many
believe that the tone in the higher worlds is purer.

Tone does not naturally spill into the natural world.  While all
living creatures possess some tone, they rarely can draw more than
what is necessary for existence.  To produce effects in the world, one
must resort to other methods.


                            RESERVE USERS
                            -------------

By far the most common way to acquire tone is through a personal
reserve.

All living creatures have a small reserve of tone which manifests
their will to live.  Creatures can tap into this tone reserve to
produce effects in the world.  Sorcerers who predominately rely on
this personal reserve are formally called reserve users.

Reserve users are common, but usually they have such little tone that
they can't cast anything substantial.  Only those who spend a lifetime
training can expand their personal reserves, and even then at best
they can only triple their capacity.  It is only enough for small
cantrips.


                             RITUAL USERS
                             ------------

Rituals can be performed to appease a deity or some supernatural
being.  In return, the patron can supply the worshipper with tone to
power a specific spell.  Ritual users have been known to sporadically
perform miracles, but the success of their spells are usually at the
mercy of their patron.  Furthermore, ritual users typically can only
cast spells within the domain of their patron.

Historically, the most common rituals have been living sacrifice or
sexual orgies.


                              SINK USERS
                              ----------

A tone sink is a magical construct that allows a sorcerer to draw an
unlimited amount of tone.

While there is an infinitesimal chance of being born with a tone sink
naturally (around one in eighty billion), most sorcerers must create
their tone sink artificially.  Tone sinks are sufficiently complex
enough that of the few sorcerers who attempt a conjuration, only one
in two hundred succeed.  The base cost of a tone sink is estimated to
be at around four thousand measures of tone.  Considering the average
capacity of a ritual user is thirty measures, a tone sink is out of
reach for all but the most determined sorcerers.

One conjured, a tone sink allows a sorcerer to draw an arbitrary
amount of tone.  This doesn't mean the sorcerer can cast any spell
they envision; they are still limited by the strength of their own
willpower.  But tone is no longer a limiting factor.

Once a sink user draws tone from their sink, they enter a condition
called tone debt.  Tone debts represent the imbalance caused by
drawing from the sink.  All tone debts must be paid off by recharging
the sink with tone.  Failure to clear the debt within twenty hours
will result in adverse effects.  Small debts inflict migraines and
exhaustion, but larger debts can result in insanity, death, even
reality warping.  A sink does not represent a free source of tone;
all tone drawn from a sink must eventually be recovered through other
means.  Sinks simply allow for greater flexibility.

Sinks are inherently inefficient.  While a skilled sorcerer will only
accrue twelve measures of debt for every ten measures drawn, beginners
can expect ratios closer to three to one.


                            NETWORK USERS
                            -------------

A tone network, at its simplest, is a collection of sorcerers who pool
their tone into one common source.

There have been isolated attempts at building tone networks throughout
history but most of them were of such limited capacity that they
failed to generate interest.  The ancient scholar Valgis wrote a
thorough examination of the limitations of the network, concluding
that the cost of maintaining the network was too high to justify the
network's existence.

Three hundred years passed between the publication of Valgis's
treatise on tone networks and the birth of Itan, son of Dugas.  Dugas
was one of Buchial's chosen vassals and as such enjoyed a comfortable
life.  From his father Itan inherited a love for history, and he
consumed every historical scholar he could find.  He read Isrevar,
Porticus, Dunloper, and Machs.  Itan soon came to despite the tyrant
kings, but he knew he was powerless.  He couldn't even conjure his own
tone sink.  But from reading so many great thinkers, Itan felt
optimistic that some day he would discover the key to defeating the
tyrant kings.

That day came when Itan discovered Valgis's treatise.  While Itan knew
of tone networks, like everyone else he had thought they were a dead
end.  But Valgis explained in precise detail why tone networks were
flawed.  As he read the treatise, Itan realized that many of the flaws
could be dealt with.  Important advances in sorcery, including
automated spells and triggered spells, could automate much of the
administration of maintaining a network.  Convinced he could salvage
Valgis's theory, Itan locked himself in his room and buried himself in
socrery literature.

Five years later, Itan emerged with the modern day tone network.

One of the most significant additions Itan made to Valgis's network
were tone batteries.  Tone batteries were an invention made well after
Valgis's time.  They essentially store tone, and can be used to
discharge tone at a later time.  The tyrant kings made heavy use of
such batteries so that they could easily pay off large tone debts.

Itan realized that such batteries could be connected to a network.  In
this way, excess tone would flow into the batteries, and if there were
ever a shortage, the batteries would discharge tone into the network.
With tone batteries, a network could theoretically increase its
capacity indefinitely.  And this entire process was automated; the
network maintainers only had to add new batteries when the old ones
became full.

This still didn't solve the issue of maintaining the network.  In
Valgis's formulation, each sorcerer had to be in constant contact with
every other sorcerer in the network.  While this was feasible with
four or five people, once the number exceeded ten the cost of
maintaining contact with every other sorcerer was simply unfeasible.
It demanded constant attention.

Itan saw that there was no need for each sorcerer to be in contact
with every other sorcerer; it was simply the easiest solution to the
problem of distributing tone.

Instead, a sorcerer could connect to the three nearest sorcerers.
This number was low enough that simple spells could automate the
process of finding other sorcerers and disconnecting sorcerers who
went out of range.  To solve the issue of transferring tone between
sorcerers, Itan devised an ingenius messaging system, once again
relying on automated and triggered spells, to deliver tone along a
path of sorcerers.

The cost of maintaining Itan's revised network was higher, but there
was one key advantage: it could scale indefinitely.  Itan's network
would work just as well with ten sorcerers as with a hundred.  And if
for whatever reason a sorcerer disappeared, it was not a problem.  The
automated maintenance spells would simply reorganize the network to
route around the missing sorcerer.

To prevent abuse, Itan also devised a system of quotas, so that
network members couldn't use more than a set number of measures a
day.  Itan also developed a way of securing the network so that
outsiders couldn't break in.

With sufficient numbers, a tone network becomes as powerful as a tone
sink, without any of the drawbacks of tone debt.  It's also
significantly more robust; the death of a single sorcerer won't
adversely affect the effectiveness of a network.
